you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hey its lucky penny shop
and we've got some color glow glow six
in the box make amazing glow in the dark
mosaics so they are actually sticky see
includes three hundred mosaic pieces and
glowing colors so that's what its
include what is it saying here this is
from 2011 see all the cool things no
power or backlight required exposed to
any light for 10 minutes and it glows
for hours let's just look at I won't be
able to show you them blowing I see look
at that let's cut open the bag on it I
can't really tell much them outside oh I
see so you take your template here do
the templates and you stick your sticky
tiles to it peace sign ice cream cone
alien well here's the instructions it
says decorate your role was it with
mosaic tiles that glow in rainbow colors
ok there you go applying applying
applying applying ok so that does
everything you need to do expose it to
light and here's what they look like
they're a little fealty texture to them
yep definitely and you can kind of see
there's like a little glow to them with
regular light so i don't know if LeSean
glowing but at least you see them ever
pretty little things there you go it's
the color glow blows ax hey thanks for
watching we do appreciate it subscribe
to the channel click the links below
later ok well we're in the dark because
we decided hey why not just show you one
real quick and put it together it's no
fun unless you see it right so here we
go ah neat that is the alien see the
glowing pretty cool it does go away
pretty quick or the hammer actually the
camera is a hard time picking it up but
you got to see it when it was first lit
up alright later thanks for watching our
tonic video and always remember
lucky honey pick it up